README.md, before:

# Leetcode
A collection of LeetCode questions to ace the coding interview! - Created using [LeetHub 2.0](https://github.com/maitreya2954/LeetHub-2.0-Firefox)

<!---LeetCode Topics Start-->
# LeetCode Topics
## Array
|  |
| ------- |
| [0001-two-sum](https://github.com/ShabasRahman7/Leetcode/tree/master/0001-two-sum) |
| [0015-3sum](https://github.com/ShabasRahman7/Leetcode/tree/master/0015-3sum) |
| [0054-spiral-matrix](https://github.com/ShabasRahman7/Leetcode/tree/master/0054-spiral-matrix) |
| [0121-best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock](https://github.com/ShabasRahman7/Leetcode/tree/master/0121-best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock) |
| [0200-number-of-islands](https://github.com/ShabasRahman7/Leetcode/tree/master/0200-number-of-islands) |
| [0909-stone-game](https://github.com/ShabasRahman7/Leetcode/tree/master/0909-stone-game) |
| [1019-squares-of-a-sorted-array](https://github.com/ShabasRahman7/Leetcode/tree/master/1019-squares-of-a-sorted-array) |
| [1395-minimum-time-visiting-all-points](https://github.com/ShabasRahman7/Leetcode/tree/master/1395-minimum-time-visiting-all-points) |
| [1426-find-n-unique-integers-sum-up-to-zero](https://github.com/ShabasRahman7/Leetcode/tree/master/1426-find-n-unique-integers-sum-up-to-zero) |
| [1482-how-many-numbers-are-smaller-than-the-current-number](https://github.com/ShabasRahman7/Leetcode/tree/master/1482-how-many-numbers-are-smaller-than-the-current-number) |
## Hash Table
|  |
| ------- |
| [0001-two-sum](https://github.com/ShabasRahman7/Leetcode/tree/master/0001-two-sum) |
| [1482-how-many-numbers-are-smaller-than-the-current-number](https://github.com/ShabasRahman7/Leetcode/tree/master/1482-how-many-numbers-are-smaller-than-the-current-number) |
## Sorting
|  |
| ------- |
| [0015-3sum](https://github.com/ShabasRahman7/Leetcode/tree/master/0015-3sum) |
| [1019-squares-of-a-sorted-array](https://github.com/ShabasRahman7/Leetcode/tree/master/1019-squares-of-a-sorted-array) |
| [1482-how-many-numbers-are-smaller-than-the-current-number](https://github.com/ShabasRahman7/Leetcode/tree/master/1482-how-many-numbers-are-smaller-than-the-current-number) |
## Counting Sort
|  |
| ------- |
| [1482-how-many-numbers-are-smaller-than-the-current-number](https://github.com/ShabasRahman7/Leetcode/tree/master/1482-how-many-numbers-are-smaller-than-the-current-number) |
## Math
|  |
| ------- |
| [0909-stone-game](https://github.com/ShabasRahman7/Leetcode/tree/master/0909-stone-game) |
| [1395-minimum-time-visiting-all-points](https://github.com/ShabasRahman7/Leetcode/tree/master/1395-minimum-time-visiting-all-points) |
| [1426-find-n-unique-integers-sum-up-to-zero](https://github.com/ShabasRahman7/Leetcode/tree/master/1426-find-n-unique-integers-sum-up-to-zero) |
| [1440-convert-integer-to-the-sum-of-two-no-zero-integers](https://github.com/ShabasRahman7/Leetcode/tree/master/1440-convert-integer-to-the-sum-of-two-no-zero-integers) |
## Geometry
|  |
| ------- |
| [1395-minimum-time-visiting-all-points](https://github.com/ShabasRahman7/Leetcode/tree/master/1395-minimum-time-visiting-all-points) |
## Dynamic Programming
|  |
| ------- |
| [0121-best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock](https://github.com/ShabasRahman7/Leetcode/tree/master/0121-best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock) |
| [0909-stone-game](https://github.com/ShabasRahman7/Leetcode/tree/master/0909-stone-game) |
## Game Theory
|  |
| ------- |
| [0909-stone-game](https://github.com/ShabasRahman7/Leetcode/tree/master/0909-stone-game) |
## Database
|  |
| ------- |
| [1153-product-sales-analysis-i](https://github.com/ShabasRahman7/Leetcode/tree/master/1153-product-sales-analysis-i) |
| [1724-customer-who-visited-but-did-not-make-any-transactions](https://github.com/ShabasRahman7/Leetcode/tree/master/1724-customer-who-visited-but-did-not-make-any-transactions) |
| [1827-invalid-tweets](https://github.com/ShabasRahman7/Leetcode/tree/master/1827-invalid-tweets) |
## Matrix
|  |
| ------- |
| [0054-spiral-matrix](https://github.com/ShabasRahman7/Leetcode/tree/master/0054-spiral-matrix) |
| [0200-number-of-islands](https://github.com/ShabasRahman7/Leetcode/tree/master/0200-number-of-islands) |
## Simulation
|  |
| ------- |
| [0054-spiral-matrix](https://github.com/ShabasRahman7/Leetcode/tree/master/0054-spiral-matrix) |
## Depth-First Search
|  |
| ------- |
| [0200-number-of-islands](https://github.com/ShabasRahman7/Leetcode/tree/master/0200-number-of-islands) |
## Breadth-First Search
|  |
| ------- |
| [0200-number-of-islands](https://github.com/ShabasRahman7/Leetcode/tree/master/0200-number-of-islands) |
## Union Find
|  |
| ------- |
| [0200-number-of-islands](https://github.com/ShabasRahman7/Leetcode/tree/master/0200-number-of-islands) |
## Two Pointers
|  |
| ------- |
| [0015-3sum](https://github.com/ShabasRahman7/Leetcode/tree/master/0015-3sum) |
| [1019-squares-of-a-sorted-array](https://github.com/ShabasRahman7/Leetcode/tree/master/1019-squares-of-a-sorted-array) |
<!---LeetCode Topics End-->

Commit message:

3872-FIND-MOST-FREQUENT-VOWEL-AND-CONSONANT Stats: Time: 0 ms (100%), Space: 17.8 MB (63.4%) - LeetHub

README.md, after:

# Leetcode
A collection of LeetCode questions to ace the coding interview! - Created using [LeetHub 2.0](https://github.com/maitreya2954/LeetHub-2.0-Firefox)

<!---LeetCode Topics Start-->
# LeetCode Topics
## Array
|  |
| ------- |
| [0001-two-sum](https://github.com/ShabasRahman7/Leetcode/tree/master/0001-two-sum) |
| [0015-3sum](https://github.com/ShabasRahman7/Leetcode/tree/master/0015-3sum) |
| [0054-spiral-matrix](https://github.com/ShabasRahman7/Leetcode/tree/master/0054-spiral-matrix) |
| [0121-best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock](https://github.com/ShabasRahman7/Leetcode/tree/master/0121-best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock) |
| [0200-number-of-islands](https://github.com/ShabasRahman7/Leetcode/tree/master/0200-number-of-islands) |
| [0909-stone-game](https://github.com/ShabasRahman7/Leetcode/tree/master/0909-stone-game) |
| [1019-squares-of-a-sorted-array](https://github.com/ShabasRahman7/Leetcode/tree/master/1019-squares-of-a-sorted-array) |
| [1395-minimum-time-visiting-all-points](https://github.com/ShabasRahman7/Leetcode/tree/master/1395-minimum-time-visiting-all-points) |
| [1426-find-n-unique-integers-sum-up-to-zero](https://github.com/ShabasRahman7/Leetcode/tree/master/1426-find-n-unique-integers-sum-up-to-zero) |
| [1482-how-many-numbers-are-smaller-than-the-current-number](https://github.com/ShabasRahman7/Leetcode/tree/master/1482-how-many-numbers-are-smaller-than-the-current-number) |
## Hash Table
|  |
| ------- |
| [0001-two-sum](https://github.com/ShabasRahman7/Leetcode/tree/master/0001-two-sum) |
| [1482-how-many-numbers-are-smaller-than-the-current-number](https://github.com/ShabasRahman7/Leetcode/tree/master/1482-how-many-numbers-are-smaller-than-the-current-number) |
| [3872-find-most-frequent-vowel-and-consonant](https://github.com/ShabasRahman7/Leetcode/tree/master/3872-find-most-frequent-vowel-and-consonant) |
## Sorting
|  |
| ------- |
| [0015-3sum](https://github.com/ShabasRahman7/Leetcode/tree/master/0015-3sum) |
| [1019-squares-of-a-sorted-array](https://github.com/ShabasRahman7/Leetcode/tree/master/1019-squares-of-a-sorted-array) |
| [1482-how-many-numbers-are-smaller-than-the-current-number](https://github.com/ShabasRahman7/Leetcode/tree/master/1482-how-many-numbers-are-smaller-than-the-current-number) |
## Counting Sort
|  |
| ------- |
| [1482-how-many-numbers-are-smaller-than-the-current-number](https://github.com/ShabasRahman7/Leetcode/tree/master/1482-how-many-numbers-are-smaller-than-the-current-number) |
| [3872-find-most-frequent-vowel-and-consonant](https://github.com/ShabasRahman7/Leetcode/tree/master/3872-find-most-frequent-vowel-and-consonant) |
## Math
|  |
| ------- |
| [0909-stone-game](https://github.com/ShabasRahman7/Leetcode/tree/master/0909-stone-game) |
| [1395-minimum-time-visiting-all-points](https://github.com/ShabasRahman7/Leetcode/tree/master/1395-minimum-time-visiting-all-points) |
| [1426-find-n-unique-integers-sum-up-to-zero](https://github.com/ShabasRahman7/Leetcode/tree/master/1426-find-n-unique-integers-sum-up-to-zero) |
| [1440-convert-integer-to-the-sum-of-two-no-zero-integers](https://github.com/ShabasRahman7/Leetcode/tree/master/1440-convert-integer-to-the-sum-of-two-no-zero-integers) |
## Geometry
|  |
| ------- |
| [1395-minimum-time-visiting-all-points](https://github.com/ShabasRahman7/Leetcode/tree/master/1395-minimum-time-visiting-all-points) |
## Dynamic Programming
|  |
| ------- |
| [0121-best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock](https://github.com/ShabasRahman7/Leetcode/tree/master/0121-best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock) |
| [0909-stone-game](https://github.com/ShabasRahman7/Leetcode/tree/master/0909-stone-game) |
## Game Theory
|  |
| ------- |
| [0909-stone-game](https://github.com/ShabasRahman7/Leetcode/tree/master/0909-stone-game) |
## Database
|  |
| ------- |
| [1153-product-sales-analysis-i](https://github.com/ShabasRahman7/Leetcode/tree/master/1153-product-sales-analysis-i) |
| [1724-customer-who-visited-but-did-not-make-any-transactions](https://github.com/ShabasRahman7/Leetcode/tree/master/1724-customer-who-visited-but-did-not-make-any-transactions) |
| [1827-invalid-tweets](https://github.com/ShabasRahman7/Leetcode/tree/master/1827-invalid-tweets) |
## Matrix
|  |
| ------- |
| [0054-spiral-matrix](https://github.com/ShabasRahman7/Leetcode/tree/master/0054-spiral-matrix) |
| [0200-number-of-islands](https://github.com/ShabasRahman7/Leetcode/tree/master/0200-number-of-islands) |
## Simulation
|  |
| ------- |
| [0054-spiral-matrix](https://github.com/ShabasRahman7/Leetcode/tree/master/0054-spiral-matrix) |
## Depth-First Search
|  |
| ------- |
| [0200-number-of-islands](https://github.com/ShabasRahman7/Leetcode/tree/master/0200-number-of-islands) |
## Breadth-First Search
|  |
| ------- |
| [0200-number-of-islands](https://github.com/ShabasRahman7/Leetcode/tree/master/0200-number-of-islands) |
## Union Find
|  |
| ------- |
| [0200-number-of-islands](https://github.com/ShabasRahman7/Leetcode/tree/master/0200-number-of-islands) |
## Two Pointers
|  |
| ------- |
| [0015-3sum](https://github.com/ShabasRahman7/Leetcode/tree/master/0015-3sum) |
| [1019-squares-of-a-sorted-array](https://github.com/ShabasRahman7/Leetcode/tree/master/1019-squares-of-a-sorted-array) |
## String
|  |
| ------- |
| [3872-find-most-frequent-vowel-and-consonant](https://github.com/ShabasRahman7/Leetcode/tree/master/3872-find-most-frequent-vowel-and-consonant) |
<!---LeetCode Topics End-->
